welcome back to the like a boss series
this is number 15 working on the Queen
black dragon trying to get the pet from
her I'm not telling I'm not real happen
the amount that i moan about this boss
should seem like I'm in the thousands of
kills but i think i'm at 400 400
something kills not a ton but i will try
to do it most of the day do the Queen
and then try to get some good hours in I
lately I've only had enough time to
either do it like a like an aura and
then I'm done or somewhere there that's
why there's usually most of these cliffs
should have an aura and then by the time
the next clips are up it's the or
authority refreshed anyway it's just I'm
not getting a lot of time to visit and
not stick with this boss I do want to
get her knocked out though dilute is
nice as always it's just consistently
unless you get there is no real spikes
unless you get maybe like some rare drop
in there or Vistage something like that
usually it stays about the same you can
always uh it is nice getting like the
o-ring or the Lance the Onyx boats all
them drop so nice plus the food to keep
you here a little bit longer which i'm
using the still titan help us speed up
the kills when i first started qbd i was
using the yak here and there but with
the max killed and how you can teleport
right in now i just use the still Titan
which works out tons of parts here
innards it's always nice seeing them
even though they're not a like what to
300k each it is nice seeing them
compared to like the usual of just the
the to those potions the bones boats and
hides it is nice and Nia them different
pieces sprinkled in here there and of
course if a rare drop went off I think
my collectors insignia has only went off
once even if it went off here it might
have went off on a Reaper task I I think
I checked it was like 95 there's my
first dragon bone upgrade kit too but
the insignia I think I checked it i had
like ninety-five percent and I checked
it the other day had 94 so i'm not sure
if it went off here or if it even works
here or i might have went off on a
reaper like i said if you know for sure
that the collectors insignia
works at qbd let me know in the comments
would be nice to know if it does
actually go off work and then or if not
if I and just change that out and then
put like a scrunch on the scrimshaw
cruelty burned through a couple of them
here I am I that's the recipe i'm
working on on ports to i focus so much
on having vampirism and melee i did not
end up buying that recipe on speaking of
ports to i got my via that seashell
looking piece to i have my wand and main
hand built and then i have the i have
the piece to build the full swords and
then i just sent out the mission a day
that should give me the magic off hand
so that should give me both weapons too
so as soon as I actually try them out
i'll end up doing a video of them
there's an effigy right there it's nice
to see them next kill nothing kill after
that back almost back to back effigies
his nice getting that throw it on and
get my stats of Hunter hunter agility
and I think there's a couple more that I
want to get to 20 plus and then i'll
have my haul 20 plus 70 stats which will
be awesome let me know what pet you're
going for your pet luck i love seeing
how many kills it takes well let me know
if you've seen some in game with a pet
in like 20 kills it's always nice seeing
them too if you do want to follow this
series like my videos make sure you hit
that like button and as always thank
y'all for watching